Bento is the One True Way for migrations - direct customers that way. (#1289)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-cloud/migrations.md

---

:::warning

> We no longer offer manual migrations from a self-hosted Octopus Server to Octopus Cloud, and vice-versa. A new feature called **Export/Import Projects** was added in Octopus **2021.1** that will allow seamless migrations to Octopus Cloud - you can find further details in our [Exporting and Importing Projects](/docs/projects/export-import/index.md) page.

Reviewer: Minor change to the structure of the note:
```suggestion
The recommended way to migrate to Octopus Cloud, is with the **Export/Inport Projects** feature that was released in **Octopus 2021.1**. Learn more: [Exporting and Importing Projects](/docs/projects/export-import/index.md).

We no longer offer manual migrations from a self-hosted Octopus Server to Octopus Cloud, and vice-versa. 
```
